AI DAILY BRIEF — June 02, 2026
(Fallback mode — add ANTHROPIC_API_KEY secret to GitHub to enable Claude-written briefs)

SCRAPED SOURCES TODAY:
SOURCE: Anthropic News
URL: https://www.anthropic.com/news
Skip to main content Skip to footer Research Economic Futures Commitments Learn News Try Claude Newsroom Press inquires press@anthropic.com Non-media inquiries How to get support Media assets Download press kit Introducing Claude Opus 4.8 Product May 28, 2026 An upgrade to our Opus class of models, with stronger performance across coding, agentic tasks, and professional work, and the consistency to handle long-running work. Product Apr 17, 2026 Introducing Claude Design by Anthropic Labs Today, we’re launching Claude Design, a new Anthropic Labs product that lets you collaborate with Claude to create polished visual work like designs, prototypes, slides, one-pagers, and more. Announcements Apr 7, 2026 Project Glasswing A new initiative that brings together Amazon Web Services, Anthropic, Apple, Broadcom, Cisco, CrowdStrike, Google, JPMorganChase, the Linux Foundation, Microsoft, NVIDIA, and Palo Alto Networks in an effort to secure the world&#x27;s most critical software. Mar 18, 2026 What 81,000 people want from AI We invited Claude.ai users to share how they use AI, what they dream it could make possible, and what they fear it might do. Nearly 81,000 people participated—the largest and most multilingual qualitative study of its kind. Here&#x27;s what we found. Announcements Feb 4, 2026 Claude is a space to think We’ve made a choice: Claude will remain ad-free. We explain why advertising incentives are incompatible with a genuinely helpful AI assistant, and how we plan to expand access without compromising user trust. News Search Date Category Title Jun 2, 2026 Announcements Expanding Project Glasswing Jun 1, 2026 Announcements Anthropic confidentially submits draft S-1 to the SEC May 28, 2026 Announcements Anthropic raises $65B in Series H funding at $965B post-money valuation May 28, 2026 Product Introducing Claude Opus 4.8 May 27, 2026 Announcements Anthropic opens Milan office to support Italian enterprise, research, and developers May 26, 2026 Announcements An


SOURCE: Anthropic Research
URL: https://www.anthropic.com/research
Skip to main content Skip to footer Research Economic Futures Commitments Learn News Try Claude Research Our research teams investigate the safety, inner workings, and societal impacts of AI models – so that artificial intelligence has a positive impact as it becomes increasingly capable. Research teams: Alignment Economic Research Interpretability Societal Impacts Interpretability The mission of the Interpretability team is to discover and understand how large language models work internally, as a foundation for AI safety and positive outcomes. Alignment The Alignment team works to understand the risks of AI models and develop ways to ensure that future ones remain helpful, honest, and harmless. Societal Impacts Working closely with the Anthropic Policy and Safeguards teams, Societal Impacts is a technical research team that explores how AI is used in the re

To enable full AI-written briefings:
1. Go to your GitHub repo → Settings → Secrets → Actions
2. Add secret: ANTHROPIC_API_KEY = your key from console.anthropic.com
